hello everyone and welcome to my beast
mastery phase 3 best in slot video in
this video we're going to be taking a
look at what is absolute biz for phase 3
with and without pvp gear afterwards
we'll take a look at when and how you
can transition from tier 5 to q6 and
then we're going to take a look at items
individually in each gear set and we'll
discuss a few good high priority items
as well as a few good alternatives for
each slot and finally at the end of the
video we're going to take a look at what
you should prioritize if your guild runs
a three item wish list or you use abyss
list such as that's my bis
starting in phase 3 we now have access
to the armor pen and haste gear and
depending on whether your bosses you're
going to be fighting have 6200 armor or
7 700 armor your beer skater set will
look slightly different in a perfect
world you would aim to acquire all these
items so you can just swap gear sets
between bosses as required however this
is highly unrealistic so you should just
focus on a single biscuit set and work
towards it
the first gear set we're going to look
at is absolute bisque 7 700 armor bosses
and starting off with the helm we have
cursed vision of sargeras socketed with
a delicate crimson spinal and relentless
air storm for the neck we have choker
serrated blades for the shoulders we
have ground stalker spalders socketed
with two delicate crimps and spinals for
the cloak we continue to use the lasting
welder cloak for the chest we have
ground stalker chest guard socketed with
one delica crimson spinal and two jagged
c-spray emeralds for the bracers we use
insidious bands socketed with a wicked
fire stone for the gloves we use ground
stalker gloves socketed with a delicious
spinal for the belt we have donald
andrew's money belt socketed with two
delicate spinals for the legs we use
ground stalker leg guards socketed with
a delicate spinal and this finishes our
four piece tier six moving on to the
boots we use shadowmaster's boots
socketed with one delicate crimson
spinal and one wicked firestone for the
rings we have stormrage signal ring and
banded the eternal champion for our
trinkets we have dst and for our second
trinket we finally replace bloodless
brooch with madness of the betrayer next
up we have the main hand and off hand
you're going to use boundless agni in
your main hand with blade infamy in your
off hand for 7 700 armor bosses
and finishing up we're going to look at
our bows ideally you would want bristol
blitz striker for maximum dps however
later in the video we're going to
discuss when and why you would want to
use black flow of the betrayer instead
moving on to the differences for 6200
really quickly the only difference is
that either the season 3 main hand or
offhand fist weapon would bound this
agony is going to be the best option
this is a minor upgrade compared to the
7700 armor set so if you're not a pvp or
you can't dedicate the time to grinding
out the rating for 1850 then bound this
agony with bladed infamy is still your
best option to go for
let's take a look now when we can
transition from tier 5 to tier 6. there
are a few ways we can go about this and
all the options will be linked in the
video description so we're not going to
go over every option here as there's
just way too many it would drag on
forever there are several ways we can go
about reaching two piece two or six
early and that's using either the
shoulders and gloves or your shoulders
and legs and sets have been made to show
the possibility for having either the
largest weapons or twin blade whatever
way you were able to pick up in phase
two
other pieces of gear you're going to be
swapping around to make the transition
possible for early two-piece or six
include the edge walker long boots and
either ring of lethality growing a
signet ring or ring a thousand marks and
for moving into four piece tier six
early having sure straight goggles 2.0
can be very helpful in maintaining your
hit cap
now that we've taken a look through gear
sets as a whole let's take a look
through some gear slots individually and
discuss some alternatives and important
points for certain pieces starting with
the helms our absolute base and phaser
is cursed vision or sargeras this piece
is incredibly good for hunters and is
the single biggest upgrade we will get
in phase three outside one of our bow
upgrades kur's vision however is the
best option for practically every other
physical class and the upgrade for
classes such as fury warriors is as big
for them as it is for us solute priority
on a piece like this should be based
more on the individual players skill and
current gear situation over just a class
priority a few decent alternatives curse
vision are the season three helm rod
sucker helmet and force probably sound
however you should never directly
prioritize any of these alternatives as
as they're quite worse
for the next choker serrated blades it's
absolute best in all situations and is
an excellent item all around i shouldn't
necessarily put this as a top priority
it would be a good idea to pick it up
sooner rather than later if you do not
have tolonicus's pendant the dps
differences between serrated blades and
taunicus is minor so you can pass this
to other classes at first providing you
do have quanticus a good alternative and
temporary pickup will be choker of
endless nightmares the 21 hit rating
could help you move into tier 6 gears
sooner if you're missing one of the
earlier mentioned items and then be
replaced later on when possible
for the cloaks we continue to use the
last name roller cloak into phase 3. the
stats on this cloak are simply unmatched
by anything awkward in phase 3. the only
decent alternative would depend on
whether or not you need hit rating at
the time and you can swap back to either
draper the dark reapers from karazhan if
you still had it or you can grab shadow
moon destroyers drape i would actually
recommend that you pick up shadow moon
destroyers drape as this cloak is
beneficial in multiple gear sets that
exclude some of the other big items such
as cursed vision of sargeras madness of
the betrayal and stormrage signet ring
as well as being used in phase four to
allow from a quick transition between
madness of the betrayer and the
berserker's call trinket
for the chest there's only one good
option and that's the ground stalker's
chest guard this piece will be highly
contested compared to a few of the other
tier tokens as this is one of the two
pieces of tier that fury warriors and
protection warriors ideally want it is
recommended that you don't swap over to
tier 6 until you have at least two piece
tier six and have some of the supporting
gear with hit rating to allow for it
however the tier six chest is not one of
the better pieces to transition into
tier six early with and not worth
breaking your tier five four piece bonus
early for like it wasn't phase two when
we can break b split early for a tier
five two piece
for the wrists we have two decently
close options the piece you really wanna
aim for however is insidious bands these
provide the best overall dps stats while
also providing a bit of hit rating we're
going to desperately want and need for
transitioning into tier 6 gear another
good option for the wrist slot is
binding a lightning reflexes this board
we're going to start to see static haste
on gear however at this point the amount
is quite low and does not provide any
significant gain swift strike bracers
are another option and just slightly
worse version of lightning reflexes if
you already had vamp braces of ending
though from tempest keep would highly
recommend you just stick to these until
you acquire insidious bands
for the gloves we again only have one
correct option and that is the ground
stalkers gloves this is one of the tier
pieces that is the best for us to
acquire early on as it can be used to
break from four piece tier five into two
piece tier six early for a small dps
gain luckily fury warriors and
protection warriors don't want this
token so our only competition would be
the shamans
for the belt slot we have quite a few
options here and depending on whether or
not you need hit rating we'll determine
what belt you should be using at any
given time
the absolute best option you want to be
using donna laundry's money belt
if you tight on hit rating you can
continue to use both of the deep shadows
and if you didn't acquire one of these
in phase two then you can amp for bone
weave girdle as a temporary side grade
other options available to us are the
veil soccer girdle and shadow walker's
cord these two belts are nearly
identical to each other in dps stats
however like the wrist the low amount of
static haste rating on them alone is
insignificant to be worthwhile
for the legs we have ground stalker's
leg guards this token is contested by
protection warriors as well as shamans
and from my understanding fury warriors
i daily don't want to use the 4-piece
tier 6.
this is one of the pieces that you can
potentially swap out with other options
however the dps loss is big enough that
you really wouldn't want to do this as a
beast mastery hunter you absolutely had
to pick something else then you can
replace ker's vision of sargeras for
ground stalkers helmet and then use the
bow stitch leggings however these are
the best in slot for survival hunters so
under no circumstances should you take
these from them the other option
available is shady dealers pantaloons
however like bowl stitch these shouldn't
be prioritized over ground stockers as
the dps loss is quite big
for the boots we use shadow masters
boots for absolute biss there's nothing
else that really comes close to them in
terms of dps output however if you're
going to pinch again for hit rating and
either softset boots or tracking or
quick strider moccasins drop then you
could offer these as a temporary side
grade it is worth mentioning that soft
step boost of tracking are absolutely
visceral enhancement shamans so you
should not take these over them even if
you're just going to use them as a
temporary side grade
for the rings we have stormrage signet
ring and ben of the eternal champion
stormrage signet ring is another crucial
piece of gear we need to sustain our hit
cap however like kirk's vision of
sargeras this item is going to be highly
contested by pretty much all physical
dps this ring is almost absolute abyss
up until phase 5 for rogues as well so
this will be a high priority item for
them
for hunters the dps stats are better
than what we previously used and the arp
stack with the rest of our gear set
makes it incredibly strong our second
ring will be band of the eternal
champion and this is a no-brainer as the
stats as well as the proc chance on this
ring make it unmatched by anything else
alternatives to stormrage signet ring
would be bring a deceitful intent and
ban devastation and actually using band
of the ranger general and phase 3 is a
very good alternative if you didn't
manage to obtain band of the ranger
general in phase 2 then bring a
deceitful intent is a good side grade to
pick up temporarily
for the trinkets dst remains abyss and
will continue to bubys for the entire
game while this bridge however is
finally replaced with madness of the
betrayer this is a very powerful trinket
as well as another major hit item for us
so putting this as a high priority would
be a good idea ashton talisman of
swiftness is another good alternative to
blood in this breach and it only
requires exalted rep with ashton dust
horn so you won't have to rely on any
rng for a drop
but less brutes itself however is still
perfectly viable and being able to
control the trinket's usage with your
cooldowns remain favorable for quite a
few people
for the boys we have two options bristol
blitz striker and black goal of the
betrayer there's a few things to
consider when deciding which boy you
want or what you should actually be
aiming for
first thing to consider is your guild's
rate up time on judgmental wisdom if
your paladins continuously struggle to
maintain judgment of wisdom then the
manager in a black bow would be
beneficial to you
the other consideration of blackpool's
favor is speedrunners it's not going to
be a massive amount of mana gain however
it will slightly help you while you're
pulling quickly and you don't have a
chance to fully drink up and your ruins
and spots are on cooldown if neither of
these issues are a concern for you or
you're not a speed runner then going for
bristle blitz striker is the better
option
lastly we have the main hand and offhand
weapons to look at with as3 we have
quite a few options available to us as
well as the season three fist weapons
being really good for this phase
starting with bosses that have 7700
armor your best option is going to be
boundless agony in the main hand with
blade of infamy in the off hand and for
6200 armored bosses you're gonna
continue to use boundless agony in the
main hand you're gonna swap your offhand
weapon over vengeful gladiators ripper
and that'll be your best loadout if
you're a speedrunner i would highly
suggest the season three main hand and
offhand fist weapons or you can aim for
the hunter specific two-handed axe as
it's going to provide 60 or 62 stamina
respectively that's really not a small
amount to be scoffing at before you
obtain these items however twin blade of
the phoenix is a really good option and
it provides 53 stamina as well as some
very good dps stats now looking at some
alternatives talon and claw the phoenix
are still relatively good for phase
three and weapons such as tracker's
blade claw and fist the molten fury
blade of savagery they're okay but
they're not really recommended and i
wouldn't aim for them specifically
enough for something surprising all the
watcher from hero crips is still one of
the best main hand options for us
providing you rejam it with two delicate
crimson spinals you put plus 20 agility
enchant on it if you pair this with
boundless agony it's very close to your
best installed auction however early on
getting red gems is not going to be an
easy thing so re-jamming this isn't
really viable and i wouldn't suggest
doing it
the next thing we're going to look at is
what should i prioritize the mcgill's
three item wishlist or glute list
whatever your guild works with the real
answer is there is no cut and dry three
items that you should really be aiming
for
this can change depending on what your
personal gear situation is at the time
of face you're releasing and if you have
the items mentioned earlier in the video
that allow you to transition at tier 6
immediately you should be putting tier 6
gloves shoulders and curves vision of
cigarettes at the top of your list if
you don't have the required items
however then your highest priority is
going to be cursed vision of sargeras
stormrage signet ring and madness of the
betrayer this will provide you with your
best setup for your hit rating however
if you do choose to prioritize these
items keep in mind that they're all
highly contested by many other classes
and expecting all three before anybody
else really isn't realistic therefore
i'd put the two remaining tier six
tokens being the legs and chest
relatively high on your list i also
personally recommend picking a pelvic
desolation as a temporary weapon to help
you with your hit cap early on if you
need it however i wouldn't put this high
up on your your wish list as there's not
going to be any other classes contesting
you for it and it's more or less is
going to be a free item pickup
this wraps up the phase 3 beast mastery
best in slot video if you found this
video helpful then please like and
subscribe for more future content and if
you have any further questions or
perhaps you have a gear set that you
don't see posting my document and you
want me to look into it by all means
reach out to me in the classic hunter
discord or you can join my new hunter
based discord linked in the video
description below thank you and see you
next time